What nonsense
I don't understand, Princess Su really doesn't understand
Or pretend not to understand
In fact, Imperial Concubine Su knew better than anyone else
Why didn't Princess Su dare to look me in the eyes?
Could it be guilty?
How could I possibly feel guilty?
But you have repeatedly disrespected the emperor's concubine
Say it
It's time for your crown prince to end, isn't it?
That was before I became a crippled prince
I want to have a good taste of this Princess Su
What are you doing?
Let go of me
Emperor Qin Xiao is about to die
You still have the heart to bully me here
How am I bullying the princess?
I just want to taste the taste of the princess
The princess has been in the harem and has not gone out
How did you know the previous news? I
I just know Huang Fei's mouth.
Like the cooked duck
Except for being stubborn
Everything is soft
You bastard Huang Fei admitted it
For the sake of your friendship with me
Then I'll tell you that the emperor will not die
How could you die
Really not saying
It seems that Princess Su knows the news quite comprehensively
But I can indeed save the emperor
You, Li Sizhen, can't save you
Why can you save
I got someone to develop an antibiotic
antibiotic
What is that?
You kiss me
Kiss me
I'll tell you.